In the last lecture we added some dynamic content.
Our very large output here with the single quotation marks.
Now a typical use case would be that we want to change this name just like we did in the future.
Yes.
Example for days we could expand our element and keep in mind that I told you that you always have to
have one rapping element so that could be a diff.
And now in this day if we want to have a paragraph and a button.
Now if you want to write this multiline you actually have to enclose it in normal parentheses.
Dan you may split this up over multiple lines now in there.
We could have our paragraph where we output the name and then you could say well we want to have a button
where I say change name and now as someone changed the name now to this button we want to hear the click
listener.
And we do that by simply writing on click.
So basically normal HVM code.
However on click camel case with a capital C and we also don't pass a string here where we would then
reference some function name we want to execute but we use single curly braces like with name.
We want to do something dynamic one a reference something there.
So here I can now call a function that's maybe name ID function change a name here and then that function
I want to change my name.
Saul turned us to left and that's just the E6 version of larder with some extra features.
Again dive into iOS 6 course if you want to learn more about ESX or just use Vohra for now if you don't
see the confortable using constant Latt lad how ever allows me to change the name so we could know same
name equals an A LIKE DAT and then you're in on klick.
I could execute.
Change name.
If I hit Control Enter now to rerun this and I open the console and it click Change name it doesn't
change.
But we also don't get an error so it looks like that should work.
But then again it doesn't we don't get an error.
However if I follow an alert here.
Hi there.
In this function and had control entry again we see that this function gets executed.
So that's working but why don't we see the name being updated in our dorm.
Because now that's a key take away the things you render to the Dom the element here is immutable.
Which means once we called re-act Dom render we can't change it thereafter.
Well we can change it but it won't be reflected we can change the name but that won't be reflected in
the dawn.
Now on a first side that sounds like a bad idea for a javascript framework because if there is one reason
why we use it then certainly not because we want to have static HDMI content.
We don't need javascript for debt do we.
However you will learn that we can indeed update the dorm with react.
It just doesn't work like that.
Instead components play a key role in A react J.S. application.
Even more important then in future years where we could create a basic app without any components just
with the view instance in react we quickly hit a wall.
We do so already.
And the thing is the problem is we need to call react on render again to update the DOM again.
Now we can do that.
But of course that's not really the most convenient thing.
What we can do is we can simply copy all that code creators element here again and if we now control
entry click Change name it updates and only updates as part of the Dharma's as you can see if you inspect
this.
So if we rerun this that are back to Max year inspectors watch it here on the right you'll see only
the paragraph got changed not the button so it didn't render everything.
But I'd jury the paragraph.
But of course that's not the really nice code here.
Having to call react on render at the end of each function where you want to change something and then
having to re set the whole HVM all code certainly is not how we want to write our apps so we need a
better way of doing so.
And as mentioned components are the solution.
So let's take a closer look in the next lecture.